don't know inti
and a mass media for tight money I think
that's the piece both man on the right
the good birthday as well yoga a
substance of fear and things
I'm a b SS bill on so successful smoke
weed and I don't seem to write therefore
C pants a rock grab there until it burns
my chest
this is more than music when you try
your best I'm starting from the pump
only God knows what's next fuck them he
is we don't associate with fake ads long
before listen back in one free Monday
there's only nari one for keep my shit
low-key I was bored with the young
command all for today was oh gee now all
the weight the whole demand it taught me
off the world's be brought me in this
weasel I told me to take it slowly so I
did my first chat pancake now you should
know me the rollin on my own icon mr.
nerely rest in peace to my niggaz I'm
swim with the Third Reich fuck you know
there's the peacefulness on both man
again always gotta be said mr. Jonah I
love you mum a little bit dad to always
listen
you know
I sit back reminiscing Mama's old chest
and telling me I'm old enough with your
own food in the kitchen get a job and do
well don't wanna see you go Joe I want
to see you with a nice yard and a
beautiful girl you're going down the
right Road right now boy is to want to
tell you could slip any moment don't
forget even though I want you to succeed
them just live your life well I don't
want to see you buried that will put me
to hell
fuck you know I don't know what to say
with this young Jamal stop with the G
because I don't like the smell
when the police knock on the door they
were just smart I smoked
don't forget our battery sisters as well
little girls they want to see the big
brother and Joe so the moral of the
story is just listen to it well yeah
what you see most dear friends are fade
in this world most of them are fun you
need to fix up Jamal my mom was talking
from the age of three see you thinks I
shouldn't see mom get me a letter I said
a nice touching me
yeah I was younger then but now I'm
older JC I'm the man of the house
there's no touching we lived with my dad
for six years and my mother for free
Mar was torn in pieces my body couldn't
see but the bad things that I don't have
a great be become still grinding on the
block trying to make my p-parcel Emma's
like a big fat strategy live love
maintained on flight food 12v I move for
from back no side to side foot monopoly
I thought what's my flat before the feds
try clapping me on my own ting so I know
my shits properly when the piff 24/7 for
under load care god his people looking
at me and they don't know me I could
only sin a man and just show ya aunty is
early mornings ready to start my take
always a smile on my face the time for
joining me a smart my spliff car always
that will bacon fake I brush my teeth
near my palms on compacted grade and
then it's until this chip beside the
money's made I don't go with dad neither
young it go with great simplicity Tomas
is creepin or dran his face my neck is
ringing me aunty have you got a name if
I'm like give me ten minutes
meet me at the normal place I've got a
faint smoke are fed to bring a gift for
place I've always got my hold up G never
let him see my face I'm always getting
pleasing call you know the visto time to
waste ice must be fast asleep car my
life is like I'm in a race when I run
front and in the end is like a fuckin
maze I coach upon a pussy beam a lot of
um from my age I should be in the with
crucifying a fucking down the place
fuckin hey I'm on the Robert stay under
and there's no Chinese whispers a Batman
are gonna find me out dog
rolling with full of my hands they come
in handy one mom to you your family
won't be in kinda late night with money
cuz go check Sharla or son because on
this loose thing they already put the
slamming book mine go there to drink
part and make it banging you bring my
naked money around so we can bring the
cameras but we don't sleep with your on
it's just a fucking rotting will not
spare my father's mind that gas plus
some gas tank